doc: Replace nrfjprog to nrfutil in nRF91 docs (#20129)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf91/nrf91_board_controllers.rst

If you want to change the default configuration of the DK, you can use the `Board Configurator app`_ in `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ .

To update board controller firmware on the nRF9161 DK, download the `nRF9161 DK board controller firmware`_ from the nRF9161 DK downloads page.

> To program the HEX file, use the `nRF Util`_ tool.

Reviewer: Do not use `the` and `tool` with this link. This is not the case throughout the docs.

> To program the HEX file, use the `nRF Util`_ tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To program the HEX file, use `nRF Util's device command <Device command overview_>`_.
```

The nRF52840 SoC on the DK comes preprogrammed with a firmware.
If you need to restore the original firmware at some point, download the `nRF9160 DK board controller firmware`_ from the nRF9160 DK downloads page.

> To program the HEX file, use `nRF Util`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To program the HEX file, use the `nRF Util`_ tool.
```

> To program the HEX file, use the `nRF Util`_ tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To program the HEX file, use `nRF Util's device command <Device command overview_>`_.
```
